Role	Role Aptitudes	Role Talent	Role Bonus	Page
Assassin	Agility, Ballistic Skill or Weapon Skill, Fieldcraft, Finesse, Perception	Jaded or Leap Up	Sure Kill: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points(pg 293), when an Assassin successfully hits with an attack, he may spend a Fate point to inflict additional damage equal to his degrees of success on the attack roll on the first hit the attack inflicts.	PG 62 CB
Chirurgeon	Fieldcraft, Intelligence, Knowledge, Strength, Toughness	Resistance (Pick One) or Takedown	Dedicated Healer: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points (pg 293), when a Chirurgeon character fails a test to provide First Aid, he can spend a Fate point to automatically succeed instead with the degrees of success equal to his Intelligence bonus.	PG 64 CB
Desperado	Agility, Ballistic Skill, Defense, Fellowship, Finesse	Catfall or Quick Draw	Move and Shoot: Once per round, after performing Move action, a Desperado character may perform a single Standard Attack with a Pistol weapon he is currently wielding as a Free Action.	PG 66 CB
Hierophant	Fellowship, Offence, Social, Toughness, Willpower	Double Team or Hatred (Pick One)	Sway the Masses: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points (pg 293), a Hierophant character may spend a Fate point to automatically succeed at a Charm, Command, or Intimidate skill test with a number of degrees of success equal to his Willpower bonus.	PG 68 CB
Mystic	Defense, Intelligence, Knowledge, Perception, Willpower	Resistance (Psychic Powers) or Warp Sense	Stare into the Warp: A Mystic character starts the game with the Psyker elite advance (pg 90). It is recommended that a character who wishes to be a Mystic have a Willpower of at least 35.	PG 70 CB
Sage	Intelligence, Knowledge, Perception, Tech, Willpower	Ambidextrous or Clues from the Crowds	Quest for Knowledge: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points (pg 293), a Sage character may spend a Fate point to automatically succeed at a Logic or any Lore skill test with a number of degrees of success equal to his Intelligence bonus.	PG 72 CB
Seeker	Fellowship, Intelligence, Perception, Social, Tech	Keen Intuition or Disarm	Nothing Escapes My Sight: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points (pg 293), a Seeker character may spend a Fate point to automatically succeed at an Awareness or Inquiry skill test with a number of degrees of success equal to his Perception bonus.	PG 74 CB
Warrior	Ballistic Skill, Defense, Offence, Strength, Weapon Skill	Iron Jaw or Rapid Reload	Expert at Violence: In addition to the normal uses of Fate points (pg 293), after making a successful attack test, but before determining hits, a Warrior character may spend a Fate point to substitute his Weapon Skill (for melee) or Ballistic Skill (for ranged) bonus for the degrees of success scored on the attack test.	PG 76 CB
Crusader	Knowledge, Offense, Strength, Toughness, Willpower	Bodyguard or Deny the Witch	Smite the Unholy: In addition to the normal uses of Fate Points, a crusader can also spend a Fate Point to automatically pass a Fear test with a DoS equal to his Willpower Bonus. In addition, whenever he inflicts a hit with a melee weapon against a target with the Fear (X) trait, he inflicts X additional damage and counts his weapon's Penetration as being X higher.	PG 34 EB